I want to be the first to say the working group to develop an export-health strategy is written before February 1st soon when we have our strategy going to 25th year. It turns out that the price of developing a fifth year we have to work on a different strategy that doesn't have 25th-thirsty twenty-nine. Orleans that we won't make separate strategies for internationalization don't have to do it because it's going to be what it means to come in, that it's in common at all. Yeah, and it'll give us an opportunity after I think there's gonna be a common strategy here. The tags need to do a little bit more of something like a strategy plan. We're talking about this. Let's let's just say we're talking about the goal of creating jobs here for us. This is how we're gonna have to develop an integrated centralization strategist on something. We're even talking about the international content of this program along with foreign students. Then and so on. I know we've got the December end of the last twenty-fifth year at the end of the big one, so they're gonna write. Yeah, how did you just show the project funny about that and the fact that the mass is good that we're his room project. Yeah, because, according to the idea of the twenty-fifth year, the plumber should be ready by the end of the day. At least they're ready to eat a new one. They're writing an old one. And there's a strategy in place and there's a draft new article. We've all been sending it. They've seen it. So they look. So it's written here to propose a key strategy for a working group by February 1st, it needs to be set up somewhere, at least until December 1st. Yeah, but there's something working on that kids have a strategy, but let's do an analysis of international what they're doing here. We've got this. We've got this. E-European universities, two American universities, two Australian English-speaking universities, so that language is well-spoken and a good look at how it's going to be strategized, and they don't make their own home-grown proof of this onion lying to make it real, but it's gonna have to be a vision, but it's gonna have to be like it's not gonna be seen. Just being a university there is the leading university of central Asia all the void of words. Yeah, we have to attach to it to prove that the requirement is being met by at least an indicative plan to implement our strategy. So a working group now is international. But it's gonna be your offer, the only thing I'm gonna say is, I need advice from this man when he gets the money. He doesn't answer. And when he doesn't get the money from the advice, and all of them are people who earn their knowledge. And that's why there's one export in this respect. But it's gonna have to be taken from the university with which we have a contract. It's more than that. You know, if you think there's a breakthrough or a breakthrough, you can just say, you know, there's a university there, and there's a background, then you can say that you have a little bit of an obligation to help them, and because the headline is going to go down a little bit, so this one in the working group is gonna have to make a push until December 1st, think of who it's gonna be people's convincingly broad visions. When you've got to have your legs there, too, there's already a date for the task, do the monitoring work, and he's going for them. There's absolutely nothing. There's not even anything to say. And here's the next and the international content of the educational programs. The content of the program is condemned by all the heads of the departments. So we'll take it to prove that we're working on the proposal. That's why we're going to take at least two strings from each department. gram it's the first to be reflected in the content of the program itself, so in order to prove it, we're gonna take it upon ourselves to start there, let's say that there's a two-edition teacher who would re-examine the power of the oats not now, who's going on a second semester of some kind of course that's starting the second semester, and in the subject, let's say there's a comparative analysis there, say I don't know you there in that thing-- If they think they don't have an element of the evening, and they love educational programs even if this teaching is the elements taken from this university with the program, or also now very well. I mean, they're in the orientation. They're really talking about the hosts. I ended up sitting in the back of my head or it was an accent. was made for materials by someone at the university, and if he needed it, doesn't he remove it? Why should we have the power that our body could be screaming at alone? They're all freely available. I understand why you're now a conscious euro murder. Now you're going to choose some university you're more or less like this university. It's not yours. It's not yours. It's just you taking both transfers of knowledge. They're living in a course of two hundred plus you look nothing scary. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And when in her program she says that the Islamic culture of principle is, like, being studied there in the tour and Iran and so on and so on and so on and so forth, it all goes the international element that you understand by content it's the first second not necessarily the power you're holy to students when you ask if you need to say this when developing a village of tastes that changes so You can make a link to materials. We'll be materials. It's also you're talking about plagiarism plagiarism. We're the ones that write this and this kind of experience, and because they're even a bitch and you're creating it from where you get it, too. We have to show that principle we're going to live on the next point that's going to be critical thinking, waiting for the local nebula of a colleague of things. The university's only gonna refer to it, but there's something else you can take us to watch. If foreign people teach their words you can rain. It's the second moment of flight. I'm talking about the content of educational programs. I'm talking about the second moment that the college also has an international content. It's the first of February's blood from the nose. But you're gonna have to increase the number of foreign ponds. e-mails online to another took this plan. We don't have the money. We don't give the money. The co-workers are all in charge of the department, so you think, at least one time, there's gonna be a meeting there. Yeah, he went online with a foreign teacher, even if there's one god-shut, and so on and so forth, we're gonna pick up for some reason that we're gonna get a gintama with dark equipment. I don't think we'd get that kind of demand if we had enough. I mean, I'm sure it's good from me. All the letters on the website. We don't write from how many events are being held. There's nothing in there. There's always good for something else. Now out of Moldova's wine, you're gonna serve your colleagues on the questions. You're gonna write the first series. We're gonna do it, and we're gonna have a good colleague write it all down as a mission. Yeah, because we're meeting the virus today. We're gonna do it the next time we're gonna do it from the end of November, and then sometime in February after that, my writer's report so that the first one recorded it well now. The moment yeah on something you think very carefully how you're going to increase the number of people to foreign teachers, or is this the design of a seminar or do you really want to write it down when on something that was the subject of the photos you're going to give where only the link to this is the same but of course the best site is because they really can't go through social media, of course we can in Yeah, but I'm not doing a gram and I'm looking at a day's soup for something, but of course it would be a good link to the din lines. Ask someone else in the morning to do something else to the D. Department. There's a teacher. Ask them if they've done more general seminars for the students. What's that? And you're not working because it's not being implemented and believe my experience. Yeah, nine-year-old rector on international cooperation. Let's go over all the dean. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, We need to get in touch now, let's just let's see how this information system is gonna work. Please give the contact person not in line with our treaties. Because talking to the signed person means they're late. They can make the treaty. Let's work now. Then it gives the contact person when to. And then and then back, the galina dr. already owes the nose blood flow there let's just say two or three months of contact and make some kind of touch. Yeah, that's the only way we're gonna do it. We're gonna have to do this. We're gonna do this. We're gonna have to do this. We're gonna have to do this. We're gonna have to do this. We're gonna have to do this. We're gonna have to do this. We're gonna do this. We're gonna have to do this right now. We're gonna ask for a Kyrgyz appetizer. Please let me not have a contract for about two and a half years. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. you're all data so here's each department two big and not required to start with two, let's start arguing to the effect of bulmen will live another knife, so in this respect the water on the list has to be seen to make more acceptable sorrows here do more what it is wrong to say what amount to say so more takes who takes the consumer talk for a big tour It needs to force its will to run on the floor. Let's say something colleague of the city with whom we have to send. Going to a hole, but you'll have some content with him already. You'll have a deal with your specialty. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's why you're teaching in Russian, but in this respect, the charova of us is prescribed that journalistic rap I can't stand when the eyes are Kazakh. This is the time we have. Let's show it to the Germans who right now the Russians hate this conflict so cursed, but we've got educational programs given in Russian Kazakh to God as they love it. If there's any other case with us, we've prescribed that the educational program should be in English. Here's the possibility of other specialties. It should be in accordance with our charter. From your program, the question is shorter blood colleagues from the nose of two universities. Yes, you already have to give a full report on how you work two for at least each department. two universities, you think you're sitting there thinking about it. So in this respect, you have to write to the contact person right there. Yeah, in the middle of this year, where we're going to do it, and the strategy is gonna do the report. Yes, for God's sake. If I'm the head of the department, let's say I'm first and I'm picking my own two at ten, then I'm speaking to the barge right now of these two. Yeah, I don't have any acquaintances there. We'd like to expand our work at the math engineering department before it starts. Would you like to give me a hand? Let's see that the next contact gave me the data. Now I'm writing the respectable one that's yours, so it's yours. Yeah, but let her warn me. Of course, it's not easy, and the handbooks took a letter. Let them warn you that they're gonna write behind the university and then lie there and tell you that we're gonna think that you don't want to get out of this uncompulsive place first. Well, let's say there's thinking about me a little bit deeper then and then when you can invite you they have the money to invite you to something we can't buy a ticket here we promise to all go from minus national and so on the spirit of professors to someone those two professors they don't know that the other one has refused you think you understand asking to pay for it At least try to start online. All of you order our finances to create the state of our friend's soul. It's a matter of night. It's like an online colleague of yours in November when we get together. It's about the third week of November institutionally. You're gonna have to give me exactly who you've already worked with. Yeah, and you're gonna have to say it for God's sake. Anyway, yeah, but you're going to do a million of our partners in the past love an eighty actually. Yeah, it's too swollen. It's going to be a copy. We'll buy a copy. Yeah. We can sort of get spoons better. But this ambrella is being negotiated. Then we can dig up as early as November. Each of you reports two universities. We're specific. And which person shoots like about talking. It has to be. So all the students. We're talking about teachers now. Oh, they all do in advance. Yeah, even if next year it's just a little bit, we'll write that it's like they're gonna invite flying, and they're gonna come in, and that's clear from the students. You think it's October 15th. Yeah, no students even if we invite them to the next school year because the students are doing things much earlier that the same stuff is going to cook their own Kenji Kent. Where do we need something to attract next year? No. We should already report. Specifically, according to the agreement on something, two students aren't weirdos coming as roses. Which is understandable or our school year isn't ours. But I'm telling you, if we still have such a demand and their six grand demands, then we've got to show up badly. We've got to have a night where there's a bad one. Oh did show it well, and make a long splash shorter than that. You guys understand the next doctor. No. I'm actually saying that because for the right bachelor's degree it means there. First, it's almost impossible to do the course of this school year. Only next year. Yeah, and then we can just show the doctors. Doesn't have to do with specific loans from a bachelor's degree. He has to if he doesn't get into my plus plus it has to be some kind of loan should be about the same subject as we have here. These are a little harder. They call it a little bit more difficult. They think there's a different subject. We have a different subject. being and they're looking at how many of them this is like an object up to the ball with us if at least 70 percent a little bit it means yeah then maybe a loan might work, and what Dr. Truck is they just don't follow foreign it's going to be a lot easier than a master's degree, too. e as it's already taken out of the 80 over which the place of residence is connected and with whom you're now well-established, let's say addiction is good. You see, you can already pull them from there. He's always sending all the heads of department somewhere. You know, sent it back like I sent you somewhere to stab almost all four of you. There's a lot of elenas where they're going to send you a German guy to look at a yellow color. That's all you're thinking about. Look where the yellow one is and where the yellow one is, you think it's yellow. Here's the yellow one. That's the green one. Even in green international lecturers, and so on and so on, my lounges of exchange events tell me only the next thing to consider is the creation by blacks now of an ad for a toothbrush. He's so you don't want him either. You wrote the same night. Yeah, the university said it wasn't JJ and the institute of ts and the institution to lead the philosophy of teaching by focusing on new teaching methods. And the habits of critical thinking wherever we can, that is, we have to introduce the philosophy of creating critical thinking. That's from the mind. That's the time of review. What's the question of how serious students are. Well, let's say seventy percent of what we're thinking to them now. If they don't have such critical thinking at all, we don't have 30 percent of the city's people. That's exactly among the other salads. You were born in Alma ata. I was born the answer to you. See, I haven't grown up. I've been here for 50 years. But I've been home my whole life. Yeah, and this place is my home to the fact that we just have a contingent of me not to be distracted by the fact that the fact that you are this paragraph. This is a 24-hour requirement, and we have to comply with it. We have to do it in the report. I think in this respect the line of the year. Yeah, I think that it's already very nice for you in this respect. It means you have to have a seminar of some kind of seeds, let it be online. Yes, but the seminar has to be done by all the professors of the seminar. as he was working, that's exactly how teaching and learning is being done as a methodist because a methodist it needs to be methodologically said it means the board has these recommendations. Yeah, but the recommendation shouldn't be you either. It shouldn't be fog. It should be more specific how this particular point of training is to conduct its activities as we show it. then the prom philosopher owes the first pawn in our color to the master's degree. No one I've seen on the basis of the University of Michigan. We have more than a word. To be sure that we are these two points means raising critical thinking and we are going away with the approach. Yes and that our approach to teaching is necessarily a student center. This is what you have to do in concrete ways to prove that these requirements are being fulfilled. I think that in this respect we need some time soon. Let's say later in the period between now and then we'll have four maximum weeks while they are. We can read this at this time we have to have a seminar and find a particular man, a methodist coil, this nebulous thing here, we need to feed you in methods to find me as an artificial methodist, which we do as always, there is such a renvoi, but it's the only one that's very much like this that you've been accepted into the structure one bad thing is that it's still more than that. I'm afraid it's on the Internet. I'm on the Internet. I'm on the Internet. When it's on the Internet. No. Not even we have. No. No. No. We have a methodological minute. Once again, a successful approach is promoted to be the most independent regulatory one, and as you understand in this respect, this is how you say this moment can we specify a map that each of us has to do the seeds that how to do it, but how to do this kind of option is fit to accept a student teacher light is exactly that and bright options because you started with that. You know, the teacher first you see there's this one here, there's this one called the pelvis, when first I'm given an assignment, and then there's this one, and then there's this one, and then there's this one, and then there's this one, and then there's this one, and then there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, there's this one, and I's this one, and I's this first I's this, and I's this one, and I's this is this, and I's this, and I's this, and it's this, and then they's this one of them they's this, and they's this, and they's this, and they's this one of them they's this, and they's this, and they's this, and they's this one of these, and they's this, and they's it's this, and they's this, and they's this, and they's this, and they's this, and they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they's that they're they're they're doing they's this, they're doing they're doing they're doing Yeah, yeah, he could talk, but first he gave a mission. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mayte they made that choice first that they're obsessed with just that at home and they can't think critically about it. They've come to the conclusion that they're fully trained teachers. So that's not why they pulled out the cry of war. It's a difficult methodological fashion for you. You'll excuse me at the department. I'm saying that the memory of something in any department is going to have to find all these methodological things that don't need to be done. Yeah, which is somehow this thing is available to you. I'm a candidate in pedagogical science by methodology. I mean, I'm gonna throw him 13 zero zero zero zero two in which the methodology of teaching the German language novel is mine. Yeah, it's gonna go. So if I have to go through with it, I can think about it. But if the methodists who do this much more than that, I think you need to sleep here, find someone to ask, but find someone who's gonna have two moments wah. The gon immediately said that the critical thinking is a specific matter before and as the center sees it, the effort to translate the specific cases of January's debt for a long time, because January is a good thing you're going to have the seeds, but sometime in mid-November, who are teachers and the winter aces of hunger. Yeah, high school school. We can take the invited ones and now the muffled ones. You know, you can run an end-water training session to teach implementation to monitor all body study plans, a base to ensure an actress's foot approach to learning by December 1st, this is already being monitored, but as you can see, your feet are dry where you can't see what allen's Ha-ha-ha methodology is doing there, like a year in a capablanc, it's a call. I'm sorry about this moment. It's a foggy moment. But anyway, we have to understand that and how you understand it, and they'll tell you how there was an abundance of blue rand. It's all about the absence of the killer. It's a diploma. It's one thing. There's no work. There's no water. I don't understand these requirements. I don't understand the sieve. They talk about Europe. Or usually the app. Then the automatic issuance to any three languages of Kazakh Russian came out for all of us, a colleague like this, suddenly telling the children there's nothing to discuss this proposal, and we want seven more years of accreditation. We need at least one year before at least this year, and then next year how much I wanted to check it out. But at least this year we need to do all online download the date link. And they all have to see that in the three languages of the Safron Diploma there is itself yes and that our fuss that I allow 500 you've released up to ten you can ask which in any case and here we even make $1,500 from doing so too do and load that date no exit to do this to meet the requirements and then the ammo is I'm taking it out. I want you to develop and implement a system of data collection and analysis of educational programs. That's what we've already got to recommend from the envoys on the recommendation for everything. That's where the green yellow force is yours. That's good. I'd rather report on each one than let the poodle tell him that fire and that her star is trying to get my experience there. We have our own data collection system. So here's the main recommendation. Here's the recommendation. - then he goes in accordance with his goals as long as the hour relates or isn't related to it shouldn't be written by love. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . The fifth recommendation is read and translated into Russian. Well, how can the experience of its units come out from behind is responsible for collecting information from different trades systematically checking their own system in the morning because of quality? That's because credit has been assigned the task of quality assurance. And when I'm already working, we're looking at these results instead of getting results. We're looking at this quality or it doesn't make sense that you're going to get something to help you. It's going to get you there. Then later on, the date. We're doing the analysis. This is what we're going to do. the year without freaking out the faggot that with their set and everyone is writing to review the model of a graduate taking into account the labour market analysis you all the model of a graduate write and where I'm a separate model if you're sure there's a competence there. Yeah. Yeah. The old model take their ha ha ha ha we've got the same steps as the big one to take the ones that go on a loan to dad better take the body yes yes oh last year you've got the remote. This is going to be the twenty-first year of the model there, about as long as I've been there because you've changed the house of the labor market and that you hagen has become much more literate. And we're gonna send these four things, and we're gonna show that we're going to change the model, and we're going to show that we're going to change the model. If you're looking for new ones, you're going to learn this institutional. Now, these are the ones that have been added to the model. So we're going to take it. We're going to take it up. We're going to take it up. We're going to take one of your programs. We're going to take one of your programs from you. But you're going to have one of those institutional ones. They're not fools. I don't know that these four clusters are being accredited. You know what you're going to do, you're gonna think that we're a model graduate who's changed a lot. That's a security multifruit, because every year the fraudsters don't do it, and it's gonna burn that they're getting more literate. And that's why we're gonna have to act on these scammers, who are already too grams to allow two years ago, who we're gonna have to do with a colleague, and we're gonna have to show some collective courses and update them last year on what year of the twenty-third year. In general, that's the same effective course I'm gonna give each department one step at a time. I'm working with a management association like the manager. So at this point in time, the course has changed. It's practically scientific. Let's not forget the star from the arrival that's connected to the employer. Well, for help, I'll ask where you're going to write it. incorporating new technologies into the trend of content content is again the whole yellow wife group. You think you're doing well. This is the green one to introduce new forms of examination, such as making presentations of design work something to fix for a competency teacher. This question on something a patient of competence always has to do with the results of learning why I am I'm stuck with them, and today with the taste of the main thing, I almost got into a fight at this point again, going back to your 14th, which is Arab you, and in which we're going to make six, let's have a face next to the 14th, but expressed one concrete sentence for what, because then you have to write to prove that this duck is what you've achieved and how you've done the exam to show which mother. And I'm saying there's a lot of people living there, and I'm saying there's 14 paragraphs in each of the four about four verbs times the number of nights. So let's say 60. You have to prove that you're sixty moons and you've reached the Voljs. And for that, each one has to show how you value the nights you're taking and then analyze any way I've just done it. I'm gonna say that you need to reduce your job. Okay, so I'm gonna cut you a whole rule. I'm gonna say, if there's a huge university out there, she's got a whole program, and she's got eight shares. And from Stanford's galley, life orders. You learn to show a well-poor card. Okay, and here's what new forms of exam and think about, and what we're still doing on the whole of that little half of the written sex are there. We're writing an explanation here. We're writing an explanation. What's consultation? What's consultation? What's a lecture? What's a lecture? ♪ Be happy to update the information of the mobility programs ♪ ♪ it's mandatory for the university ♪ ♪ to develop new materials to inform the connected ♪ ♪ about the possible exchange ♪ ♪ tell the other soul through the rose ♪ ♪ this is how the students learn ♪ ♪ that once there's an emergency one ♪ ♪ they're only gonna put up the mobility site ♪ ♪ in and out of the hour ♪ ♪ we're sure they're gonna delete ♪ ♪ I'm wildly two reserves ♪ ♪ what's good for all ♪ I mean, I'm not just here. Yeah, I've been there. I've been there. We've been talking about what no one can do. Then they're gonna sue. They're just gonna want to go to the catalog. And that's what you're worried about as quickly as you can inform about any possibility of taking part in mobility. The problems are raised by the head of the stogram rat. I usually go through the instagram after and immediately after the old man. I think that there's a huge mood in the application. Your task is to do as quickly as possible and the most important thing you know is to give everyone an opportunity to participate earlier even if we only had two. I've been texting because of the ad. And right away, these things were falling out of the application. 100. We have a sense of awareness in that respect. The students were asked kindly. In the late shadows, but informing everyone on the individual and on the website is already there. And we are, and because not requiring the personal shove should be required even of the teachers. You don't ask them to listen. I don't personally use my opinion that we should do what the balance manager did. I'll take his courts and send information to this teacher. The day before the concert that I say that after discretion I am. I have to finish checking it out five a.m. why they didn't like the poet dramatist once twice a day looking down the children's mail outside the color yard open between the teachers. You know that whatever the long-term habit is. In the som room, send this report back to the house. Yes, and they'll definitely send a link. Yes, they will. They will. They will just close and watch how many people have looked at the clock. How many times this clock is this is available to everyone where they don't look. At least we'll have a few platforms. We'll do it. We'll do it. We don't like the whole question. I've got a big price. I've put out an accreditation folder. You don't have a class. We don't have a class. For centuries, and here are the files. Here you can do it separately. You can do it. Then we look. There's questions. There's a truck. Here's a ford bumpy green light in the Miles engineer facing us. There's always colleagues phallus written on it again. Look at what you've just recorded. The last week has come out of the fall of October 20th of December end December is close to bringing the eighth line then in the seventh week my week we will meet again on ice next meeting forget sometime soon February and March I'll make it clear that the absence of these units will work to allow and then write in reply he will take what needs to be done. If Clarence himself makes eight offers exactly like this, think before content. You need a bachelor's degree. One valley is already more serious. Okay, Friday. I'm still downstairs. The extra payment was the head of the Band-Aid in this one where he says to me, well, give me a proposal with a case, and at the same time they say they're also interested in what their program was like I wanted to ask for lobbying, or in a framework like anything, or let's say I myself. I'd like my girl to guess it before I lobby for a certain part of it. I forgot the extra work was running. I mean, it's not just me who wrote the cambal to the class manager after all for 8,000 years. It's when it's enough for the courts to hold hands. They've got them all alone and distributed them. It's your case. I'm just gonna take it, and it's only gonna be a one-time thing. October. Yeah, and then it's just Mark or February when he's doing his training twice or fucking twice. Mi Williams would have her body. She'd have her back on her ear because I'm planning a business for the back. Well, I don't know how I'm gonna live. I don't know how I'm gonna live. I'm in charge of the numbers of the university. I'm in charge of adding a uniform of sixty-three. You're afraid to find it. Last year was a machine machine in this fall. It's not the same day. It's not the same. It's the same. It's the same. It's not the same. It's the same. It's not the same. It's the same. It's the same. I'm asking one girl for a year to pay for this money. I'm just gonna say it for the coordinates of the basic not-all words just to you, and it's all gonna be a day of money. It's actually a day of money. Who doesn't need a jack with you? Like rain 400 thousand ha-ha-ha permi. How much do you say two hundred? I don't have to work. I don't have to work. I'm telling you. One and a half days. I'm just watching the mind write this. Do it. Do it. Do it to her. han every day. Write it every day. Okay, then these stupid forms last year we had an Ixel table I myself explained in this table these forms were already automatically this year these fools changed the benefits of the shape and now they'll buy Easter Nar money noisy. Yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's what I'm supposed to do this year. I'm going crazy. We're supposed to have a treaty for some reason we're supposed to have this memorandum and what we're supposed to do now is drop everything on us, and because we're very, very much and further I'm not writing a maid I'm not the specific amount, and yet I know that there's a four hundred not going to be two hundred and a bandage even if two hundred are cut anyway. Yeah, I'm gonna assign mine. I want someone else to run to the first part of the inur. As long as we're built, you're gonna get the pickles of the Ramon, and you're gonna get the most, and I'm not gonna take it either. I can't take the big people. I can't take the big people. I'm just good at the embassy these days. We're three people. You two and the people are good. Then they're already writing today. Yeah, and I'm sending her guns. They said that we're probably gonna write for one month. We're probably gonna be a deal there already. I'm gonna say we're gonna have an urgent deal. So, from October 1 to November, we're gonna have a good one month, and the next year, we're gonna have a sphere of February there sometime. Go to visit twice a year. You know, it's gonna cost us a lot. We're gonna go out there somewhere. We're not just gonna get the service. We're gonna get the service. We're gonna get the service. We're gonna get the service. We're gonna get the service open. He says if they give you an assignment, you owe me all my long-standing neatly covering for the trunk really on its hands every year, and you know why when you notice it sometimes sits there and you go straight and point it at all. You'll have to make sure sometimes you're so swearing. She sits there and doesn't understand what to say to me, and you tell me exactly what you want. I don't know, I don't know what to do, and just because I'm covered over it, one time out of the buzze, you're so red, it's all working really hard with you, and even in the amazing way, it's gonna answer the grief of the stones and quiet the shape of the book in a tone like that. Yeah. It's worse than that. Not even I am. Well, as a professional conclusion, it's a pedagogue candidate. Of course it wouldn't give him an assignment. So I have to have a seminar and how do you explain to people how kids these flowers of stars don't bend over. As soon as the head of the class of two hundred is good at relaxing eight hundred thousand, and I have one million okay. Time to go. No diabetes. She's gonna tell me to eat empty half-time. It's over. Yeah.